benjamin franklin gates
you're undertaking the duty of the
family gates to find
the most spectacular treasure
in history it grew throughout the ages
and moved across continents until it was
hidden
by america's founding fathers who left
clues to the treasures location
right before our eyes the unfinished
pyramid
the all-seeing eye are telling us
something
keeping this treasure-safe benjamin is
your destiny
you treasure hunters aren't you we're
more like treasure protectors
all his life benjamin gates has searched
for a treasure
no one believed existed don't you get it
ben the treasure is a myth
i refuse to believe that but what he
thought was the final clue
108 years of searching and i'm three
feet away is only
the beginning the declaration of
independence
you think there is a treasure map on the
back of the declaration of independence
the map is invisible why would we make
this up
where's your proof we don't have it
riley get down did bigfoot take it
what about the map is bound to get out
ian's gonna try to steal it
90 seconds the only way to protect the
declaration is to steal it
but i'm going to steal the declaration
of independence
uh ben from producer jerry bruckheimer
and director john turtletop
it is surrounded by guards and video
monitors
and little kids on their eighth grade
field trip you will go to prison you
know that right
yeah probably okay go get out of there
get out of there now
he's got the bloody map the clues of ten
generations
there's more of the riddle but revealed
the mystery 20 centuries in the making
who wants to go down the creepy tunnel
inside the tomb
first
tell me what the next clue is
what do you see nicholas cage
[Music]
national treasure
you